Task 3: Query data from the web

Here is your task
In this task, you'll build an application that queries the Dow Jones Industrial Average stock price from Yahoo Finance every five seconds and stores the stock value and timestamp in a queue. Here are your instructions:

1. Start by installing the Gradle package manager, linked in the Resources section below.

2. Install an application programming interface (API) of your choice for querying stock prices. We recommend the Yahoo Finance API, linked in the Resources section below.

3. Create a new folder for your application. Navigate to this folder in the terminal and run the command "gradle init" to create a new Java application. You'll be prompted through a series of selections to generate your project. When asked about the type of project to generate, select “Application”, and for the implementation language, select “Java.” For all other prompts, we suggest the default option. For example, we created our application using the following responses:

    a. Select type of project to generate: Application

b. Select implementation language: Java

c. Split functionality across multiple subprojects: No — Only one application project

d. Select build script DSL: GroovyGenerate build using new APIs and behavior (some features may change in the next minor release)? No

e. Select test framework: JUnit Jupiter

4. Locate the gradle.build file in your project. This will be found in the app directory, located in the root of your project. Update the gradle.build file to include the dependency for the Yahoo Finance API:

dependencies {
implementation group: 'com.yahoofinance-api', name: 'YahooFinanceAPI', version: '3.17.0'
}

5. Locate the AppTest.java file in your project. This will be found in the directory app/src/test/java/project_name. Remove the default tests from the AppTest.java file so that your changes will compile. Feel free to add your own tests if you'd like!

6. Locate the App.java file in your project. This will be found in the directory app/src/main/java/project_name. Update the App.java file to create an application that queries the Dow Jones Industrial Average stock price from Yahoo Finance every five seconds and stores the stock value and timestamp in a queue.

7. Compile your application by running the command "gradle build".

8. Run your application by running the command "gradle run".

9. Test your application and debug as needed.

When you're satisfied with your application, submit your App.java file below.

Here are some resources to help you

Yahoo Finance API docs
Click to view website →
 

Yahoo Finance API Install Instructions
Click to view website →
 

Gradle Install
Click to view website →
 

The Java Tutorials
Click to view website →